This project is a quick hack to train a voice model with my own voice and do text-to-speech using that voice. 
The motivation is to replace me in reading bed time stories to my daughter.

As most of the LLMs don't handle voice training with your own voice, I asked ChatGPT-4o for recommendation. 
It recommended WaveNet and Tacotron, but suggested that VITS is better. 
So I forked it from https://github.com/jaywalnut310/vits. 
But it seems to be an older project from 3 years ago, so I'm not sure if this is indeed the best.
With the goal quickly spinning this up, I just went with it. 

Here are the steps needed to set up the virtual environment:
Step 1: Create a virtual environment
python3 -m venv myenv
Step 2: Activate the virtual environment
source myenv/bin/activate
Step 3: Install necessary packages
pip install -r requirements.txt

There's also another folder that contains voice sample. It's not included in this repository, but I can share with you if needed. 

For sure there were a lot of packages I need to install, a lot of bugs I need to fix.
Also, this model is built to use GPU, but I only have CPU, so I twisted the model to accommodate that.

Eventually I managed to go through executing all the main steps. 
- run prepare_data.py
- run train.py
- run inference.py
I was able to generate an output.wav, but it was empty. 

ChatGPT-4o suggested that it was probably because the inference wasn't run based on any checkpoint after training the data, 
so it wasn't able to generate any meaningful output. 
That's why I went back to change the code to make sure it saves a checkpoint, and the inference code and use that checkpoint. 
  
However, I'm running into the problem that the code failed to save and create a checkpoint after running train.py. 
No error was seen, but the output was just a bunch of debug codes without any meaningful log. 
Plus, the checkpoints directory is empty, while it should contain path files to the checkpoint after each time I train the model. 
So I suspect that the code wasn't successfully executed.
ChatGPT-4o wasn't able to help in debugging why that happened. So I'm stuck here.
